---
title:  "Welcome to Squirrely Girl Produce"
date:   2016-12-18 20:18:32 -0500
categories: farm update
---

We turn grass into eggs.  We borrowed the idea from [Polyface Farms](http://www.polyfacefarms.com/production/).

We strive to use breeds with good foraging ability to minimize feed transport.

## History

### 2016 Heavy Predator Losses in Traditional pens and Portable Pen Trials
* 3 ducks lost to racoons
* 6 ducks lost to unknown predators.  Suspect it was the local foxes.
* Portable pen trial with geese.  Geese loved it.  Grass loved it.  We hated moving it because it was too heavy.
* Geese hatched 3 eggs and 2 survived

### 2014 Flock Rebuilt and Meat Production and Learning About Geese
* Raised two hatchings of Pekins and one hatching of Rouens and had processed by a contract processor.
* Poultry processors are EXPENSIVE!
* Independent USDA poultry processor closed their doors.  Next nearest processor is a 4 hour drive.
* Tried a layer breed

### 2010 Initial Flock
* Start with Welsh Harlequin and Chocolate Runner for an egg laying flock and potential for ducklings
* Rescue Pekins from an overwhelmed owner
* Rescue mallards from an overwhelmed owner
* Enjoy the flying antics of our mallards
* Are saddened by our mallard hen not returning

### 2007 Market Gardens Are A Pain

A garden run amuck got us into farming.  Our youngest cat gave us a name.

* We setup lots of raised bed gardens and Liz and Chris enjoyed the cucumbers and squash and corn and beans.
* Then came too many cucumbers and too many tomatoes.  And they moved faster when sold rather than gifted.

### 2006 Rescuing Our Mascott

Our eldest daughter rescued a darling white kitten from a parking lot.  The kitten was named "Cadet Seagate" because Liz likes military titles and Chris' cat, "Maxtor," was named after a competing hard disk brand.  Cadet earned the nickname "Squirrely Girl" after she gained a habit of running head first down our Christmas tree.
